[3st] 21.10.15

- Attendees: ê¹€ìœ¤ì¬ ì¡°ìš©í™˜ ê°•ì±„ìœ¨ Sabina
- Cleck: ê¹€ìœ¤ì¬

1. Report
   1. Quick Recap:
      1. **#5 ê°•ì˜ ë“£ê³  ì˜¤ê¸° (Finish chapter #5)**
   2. Review
      1. ê¹€ìœ¤ì¬
         1. Progress: âŒ in progress
         2. I have some questions, so I wrote them down in my branch (yoonjae) README.md file. In particular, questions that I want to discuss together are marked 'â›³ (on Scrum) ', so please discuss them together.
      2. ê°•ì±„ìœ¨
         1. Progress: âŒ in progress
      3. ì¡°ìš©í™˜
         1. Progress: âœ…
      4. Sabina
         1. Progress: âŒ in progress
2. Discussion
   1. Next Goal
      1. **#6 ê°•ì˜ ë“£ê³  ì˜¤ê¸° (Finish chapter #6)**
      2. If you have any questions, post them on your own git branch or send them through Slack Chat. 
      3. Next Scrum: ğŸ“… Sunday 9pm

**closing comment** : ëì´ ë³´ì¸ë‹¤!

